# week 1 (or is it week 2?)

I'm back!

## Thoughts about this blog
I ended up thinking about this blog a bit (I actually mean _a lot_)
this week and here are my thoughts about the future of the future
of this blog:
* I want it to be about `clojure` or clojure-adjacent, or at least
code-oriented. Although I write that now, I am sure there will be some
tangent, side-talk, and random ramblings...
* I am aiming for a _weekly_ blog post. Daily seems too much effort,
especially if I want to keep it technical. Even if I decided to journal
about my projects, there are days (week days!) where I haven't been able to
write, read or modify a line of code (although this week I used small moments
of trnasport to listen to the first episods of [`defn`], yeah! It was fun,
I understood little and so might research and talk more on it later).
The hope is that it is the "right" goal: challenging enough that I learn
from it, but achievable enough that I believe myself capable of it.
* I am not yet certain that blogging is the right format ...
what about podcasting, or streaming? The answer, later I will find (maybe).
* this will be about my journey in the world of `clojure` I am not a total
noob, but not far. and I certainly feel like one. I started my discovery of
`clojure` last December and have been practicing mostly this last two months.
I come from a science, R and python background with a dash of data-science.
That might come up ... or not, will see.
* I am currently thinking that setting up this blog is a good subject for
my blog posts. It might push me to make it over-complexe just to explore stuff
^.^
* I like to draw, am not really good at it but you might have to suffer through
my 3-lines-put-together-thta-I-dare-call-drawing from time to time. Or through
big schemas that I believe will make everything obvisouly clear ...

But enough about my plans for this blog and let's get to the subject of this
instalment: Getting This Thing Online! (on more than github)

## Getting this online

Having recently been at the [Heart of Clojure] conference, I thought I could
use one of the thing I learned and discovered: [application.garden].

## application.garden

The demo made it look perfect to quickly deploy something, it has a free tier
(I am such a "student" mindset sometimes, I love free stuff!) and they have
a fast-start git repo/project: [], and!, it's about and with and made for
`clojure`. For example, one of the big (?) feature is that you can access
a repl on your deployed app. i am aware how much you, clojure people, love
your repl. I undestand, I loved my python notebooks too!/
(what is that small voice wispering "this is not the same!" doubts and
questions, a subject for future explorations I am sure!).

So "getting" application.garden]. I already registered during the conference
so that's one thing out of the way (if you do, check your spam, a lot of the
emails ended there). I found the [docs] again, quite easily, and now I need to
(re-)install.\
which leads me to my own set-up since installing stuff is often dependant on it.


